# Capstone Course - Google Cloud Quiz 2025
### 總整課程 - Google Cloud 學程 課後測驗 2025

### 1. Which policy helps Google Cloud keep customer data private?（單選題）
```bash
B. Google does not use customer data for advertising purposes.
```

### 2.  What would provide near-unlimited availability of computing resources without requiring your organization to procure and provision new equipment?  （單選題）
```bash
A. Public cloud
```

### 3. Why is data stored in Google Cloud secure and private?  （單選題）
```bash
C. Data is encrypted by default
```

### 4. An organization wants full control of their virtual machine infrastructure for a custom home-grown application with a product that autoscales and automatically updates.Which Google Cloud product or solution should the organization use?  （單選題）
```bash
C. Compute Engine
```

### 5. An organization wants to add a new function to their application. They want to write the code and let the public cloud provider handle the infrastructure.Which infrastructure solution should they use?  （單選題）
```bash
C. Serverless computing
```

### 6. An organization is looking for a solution to help them build applications using their preferred programming language and tools. They also want to minimize time spent on infrastructure management.What solution should the organization use?  （單選題）
```bash
A. Cloud Run
```

### 7. Your company needs to segment Google Cloud resources used by each team from the others. The teams' efforts are changing frequently, and you need to reduce operational risk and maintain cost visibility. Which approach does Google recommend?  （單選題）
```bash
D. One top-level folder per team.
```

### 8. Two VMs in the same VPC but different regions can communicate through internal IPs  （單選題）
```bash
A. True
```

### 9. Your organization wants an economical solution to store data such as files, graphical images, and videos and to access and share them securely.Which Google Cloud product or service should your organization use?
```bash
A. Cloud Storage
```

### 10. Your company needs to segment Google Cloud resources used by each team from the others. The teams' efforts are changing frequently, and you need to reduce operational risk and maintain cost visibility. Which approach does Google recommend?  （單選題）
```bash
D. One top-level folder per team.
```

### 11. In GCP, what is used to organize resources and workloads?  （單選題）
```bash
C. Projects
```

### 12. Which Google load balancing option would you choose for Secure Sockets Layer traffic that is not http?  （單選題）
```bash
B. Global SSL Proxy
```

### 13. An organization wants to build autoscaling web applications without having to manage application infrastructure. Which Google Cloud product should they use?  （單選題） 
```bash
D. App Engine
```

### 14. Which GCP Storage Class should be used for data accessed on average once a month or less?  （單選題）
```bash
A. Nearline
```

### 15. What VPC feature would you use to control what network traffic is allowed?  （單選題）
```bash
C. Firewall
```

### 16. Hallucinations are words or phrases that are generated by the model that are often nonsensical or grammatically incorrect. What are some factors that can cause hallucinations? Select three options.  （複選題，共三個答案）
```bash
A. The model is not given enough context.
B. The model is not trained on enough data
C. The model is trained on noisy or dirty data.
```

### 17. What is a prompt?  （單選題）
```bash
D. A prompt is a short piece of text that is given to the large language model as input, and it can be used to control the output of the model in many ways.

NOT　B. A prompt is a short piece of text that is used to train the large language model.
```

### 18. What are foundation models in Generative AI?  （單選題）
```bash
D. A foundation model is a large AI model pretrained on a vast quantity of data that was "designed to be adapted” (or fine-tuned) to a wide range of downstream tasks, such as sentiment analysis, image captioning, and object recognition.
```

### 19. What is Generative AI? （單選題）
```bash
C. Generative AI is a type of artificial intelligence (AI) that can create new content, such as text, images, audio, and video.
```

### 20. What is NOT a capability of Vertex AI Studio?  （單選題）
```bash
D. Train a large language model from scratch.

NOT　B. Design an effective prompt.
```

## Congratulation!